First draft for API Search (#82)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/api-search.adoc

= Search Inside Your API Specification Dependencies
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Because Anypoint Studio 7.4 enables you to import your API specifications from Exchange or Maven as dependencies of your project, those dependencies no longer locate as resources inside the `src/resources/api/` directory, but as ZIP file dependencies in your project's classpath. This change makes your API dependencies not searchable through the File Search option in Studio. To enable you to search for specific text inside your API dependencies, Studio introduces API Search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use Anypoint Studio 7.4 to import your API specifications from Exchange or Maven as dependencies of your project, those dependencies relocate from`src/resources/api/` to a ZIP file in your project's classpath. This change means that you cannot search for your API dependencies by using the File Search option in Studio. To enable you to search for specific text inside your API dependencies, Studio introduces the API Search feature.
```

> You can access the API Search menu from the taskbar at the top of the Anypoint Studio display, selecting *Search* > *Search...*, or by using the `control + H` keyboard shortcut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the API Search menu from the taskbar at the top of the Anypoint Studio display, either by selecting *Search* > *Search...* or by using the control and H keys on your keyboard simultaneously:
```
I was tempted to suggest "CTRL+H", but I realized that that might be too Windows-centric....

image::api-search.png[]

> 

Reviewer: To search inside of your API specification dependencies:

> . Type the text that you want to search inside your API dependencies. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Type the text that you want to search for, following these conventions: +
```

> * Use `\*` to search for any string. For example, `*-api-*` searches for strings containing `-api-`.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY limit list items and steps to one sentence or fragment, moving related info directly below:
```suggestion
* Use `\*` to search for any string. 
For example, `*-api-*` searches for strings containing `-api-`.
```

> * Use `?` to allow any character after a specific pattern. For example, `customer?` searches for both `customer` and `customers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Append `?` to your search string to allow any character at the end of the string. 
For example, `customer?` searches for both `customer` and `customers`.
```

Reviewer: Would it also search for `customer-related`? Just curious as to the limits of what or how many characters can be appended.

> * Use `\` to escape any of the reserved literals used in search patterns. For example, if you want to search for strings containing `\*`, `?`, or `\` you must escape them: `\*`, `\?`, and `\\`.

Reviewer 2: Here, when you say 

> For example, if you want to search for strings containing `\*`, `?`, or `\`

That \\* should be *

Author: Yes, that's to escape the asciidoc reserved character `*` . 
It renders without the `\` in HTML 👍

Reviewer 2: Ohh perfect. But then, after that when you say:
> you must escape them: `\*`

That will be shown as only `*`?? or `\*`?

> * Use `\` to escape any of the reserved literals used in search patterns. For example, if you want to search for strings containing `\*`, `?`, or `\` you must escape them: `\*`, `\?`, and `\\`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use `\` to escape any of the reserved literals used in search patterns. 
For example, if you want to search for strings containing `\*`, `?`, or `\` you must escape them: `\*`, `\?`, and `\\`.
```

> . If you want to specify a specific name patter for the files you want to search through, type the pattern in the *File name patterns* field.

Reviewer 2: You've missed the `n` in `pattern` (it says `patter`)

> . If you want to specify a specific name pattern for the files you want to search through, type the pattern in the *File name patterns* field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you want to specify a specific name pattern for the files you want to search through, type the pattern in the *File name patterns* field, following these conventions:
```
OR
```suggestion
. If you want to specify a specific name pattern for the files you want to search through, type the pattern in the *File name patterns* field, following the previously described conventions plus this one:
```
...followed only by the additional convention description.

+

> * Use `\*` to search for any string. For example, `*-api-*` searches inside any API specification containing `-api-` in its name.

Reviewer: ditto prev edit to same text

> * Use `?` to allow any character after a specific pattern. For example, `customer?.raml` searches inside both `customer.raml` and `customers.raml`.

Reviewer: ditto

> * Use `!` to exclude certain filenames or patterns. For example, `!examples.raml` searches inside all files except `examples.raml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use `!` to exclude certain filenames or patterns. 
For example, `!examples.raml` searches inside all files except `examples.raml`.
```

. Click the *Choose...* button to filter per file type.

> . Select the type of API specification in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select one of the following types of API specifications in your project:
```

+
* *API dependencies* searches inside API specifications imported from Exchange or Maven.

> * *Local API Files* searches inside API specifications added from a local file, or Design Center.

Reviewer 2: That comma after file seems weird. We should remove it or added it in the API Dependencies explanation to be consistent.

> * *Local API Files* searches inside API specifications added from a local file or Design Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Local API Files* searches inside API specifications added from a local file or from Anypoint Design Center.
```

> When you click *Search* Studio searches for your text criteria inside your API specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Search*. 
Studio searches for your text criteria inside your API specifications.
```

> You can also search for all API specifications inside your open projects by selecting *Navigate* > *Open API Resource* in the taskbar at the top of the Anypoint Studio display, or by using the `cmd + Shift P` (OSx) or `control + shift + P` (Windows/Linux) keyboard shortcut.

Reviewer 2: When you say the command for OSx, you've missed the + before de P

> You can also search for all API specifications inside your open projects by selecting *Navigate* > *Open API Resource* in the taskbar at the top of the Anypoint Studio display, or by using the `cmd + Shift + P` (OSx) or `control + shift + P` (Windows/Linux) keyboard shortcut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also search for all API specifications inside your open projects either by selecting *Navigate* > *Open API Resource* in the taskbar at the top of the Anypoint Studio display, or by using `cmd+Shift+P` (OSx) or `control+shift+P` (Windows/Linux) keyboard shortcuts:
```

image::open-api-resource.png[]

> . Type the name of the API resource that you are looking for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Type the name of the API resource that you are looking for:
```

image::open-api-resource-result.png[]

> Studio displays all possible matches for the API resource that you typed. Select the resource you were looking for and click *OK*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Studio displays all possible matches for the API resource that you typed. 
. Select the resource you were looking for and click *OK*.
```
